c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\TerceraEntrega.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\AltaRaza.g.cs
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\PaginaPrincipal.g.cs
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\TerceraEntrega_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\TerceraEntrega_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\bin\Debug\TerceraEntrega.exe.config
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\bin\Debug\TerceraEntrega.exe
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\bin\Debug\TerceraEntrega.pdb
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\bin\Debug\TerceraEntrega.BL.dll
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\bin\Debug\TerceraEntrega.Domain.dll
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\bin\Debug\TerceraEntrega.DA.dll
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\bin\Debug\TerceraEntrega.BL.pdb
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\bin\Debug\TerceraEntrega.Domain.pdb
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\bin\Debug\TerceraEntrega.DA.pdb
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\AltaRaza.baml
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\PaginaPrincipal.baml
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\TerceraEntrega.g.resources
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\TerceraEntrega.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\TerceraEntrega.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\TerceraEntrega.exe
c:\users\ceibal\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoFinalJAP\TerceraEntrega\obj\Debug\TerceraEntrega.pdb
